Re-organized mining documents (#81)
Phala-Network/phala-wiki-next: content/en-us/mine/prb2/2.0-release-note.md

---
title: "Runtime Bridge 2.0 Release Note"
weight: 2000
menu:
  mine:
    parent: "mine-prb2"
---
## Overview

Runtime Bridge 2 uses P2P technologies to improve the mining experience. It allows multiple lifecycle instance share data providers to reduce storage pressure and support data provider redundancy to ensure overall stability.

- To use with docker: `docker pull phalanetwork/prb:next`
- To use monitor with docker: `docker pull phalanetwork/prb-monitor:next`

## Walkie

The internal communication protocol has been refactored with `libp2p`(The same protocol that Substrate uses), which provides component discovery ability to build a setup quickly.

Also, we’ve made it a separate package to make the API easier to use. Run `yarn add @phala/runtime-bridge-walkie` to add it to your Node.js app simply.

Source code: [https://github.com/Phala-Network/runtime-bridge-walkie](https://github.com/Phala-Network/runtime-bridge-walkie)

Detailed documents will be up with the stable release of Runtime Bridge 2.

## Data Provider

> Ye olde `fetch` component has upgraded to `data_provider`. It does the same as the old `fetch` component but also serves as a blob server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old `fetch` component has been upgraded to `data_provider`. It does the same as the old `fetch` component but also serves as a blob server.
```
